# SimplyIoT
SimplyIoT is a user-friendly IoT management web app. Even though there are some web IoT management web apps out there, but they are often clunky, and difficult to use. Our Web App would be able to integrate well with IoT devices with small SW Development effort from the Device Manufacturer. Also, we are integrating the TingSpeak API that would add analytics to our web app. One of the big barriers to entry for many enthusiasts is the amount of SW development knowledge needed to create a GUI for their IoT Devices. Since many HW Engineers, and people from the maker community do not have a good grasp on web app development, this would be a wonderful way for them to control their devices lowering the barrier to entry for many of them. Most of our users would be from the maker community, HW engineers, or anyone trying to tinker around with electronics.
The scope of the project currently is limited to getting some Wi-Fi switches, and sensors to communicate with our web app, and pass data back and forth. Also, we need to add ways to control relays connected to a Wi-Fi SoC. Our project has one main feature which is interfacing with Wi-Fi SoCs, and sub-features like types of Wi-Fi Peripherals, and API interface. As a user you will be able to interact with your peripherals, and see the history of your peripherals, like when a switch was turned on/off. As an admin, you will be able to add or remove peripherals, API Authentication, and delete history.
We think between learning about Ruby, designing the UI, and interfacing with both the API, and the peripherals we are going to have our work cut out for us
